welcome to mealtime monday this week we
are having a mushroom gravy slow-cooked
rump roast the ingredients you'll need
for this recipe are a one to two pound
rump roast some garlic some chicken
broth we like to get low sodium 2 large
onions a carton of mushrooms some full
fat coconut milk salt pepper paprika
garlic powder and onion powder the first
thing I'm going to do is add it says two
to three cups of chicken broth I'm going
to put in 2 to the crock pot now I'm
going to add my mushrooms I roughly
chopped onions laying the floor thank
you six cloves of peeled garlic and oh
my seasoning about salt and pepper to
taste teaspoon each of onion powder like
powder paprika the recipe actually only
calls for half teaspoon of paprika that
we really love paprika so I put in a
whole teaspoon of it as well and lastly
one half cup of the full fat coconut
milk I'm gonna give that a stir get all
the spices mixed in there and then we're
just going to nestle our little rump
roast right in there turn your crock pot
on low cover and let it cook for six to
eight hours here it is after six hours
i'm going to take the meat out and put
it over there and cube it and david it's
got some brussel sprouts going hi babe
all right
hey I've got the meat cubed and all
portioned out we had two pounds of meat
so it's going to last this for eight
meals we like to portion it out ahead of
time so that we don't get to our last of
those eight males and only have like two
cubes of meat in it so and then here is
the mushroom gravy we have it okay here
we have it in the bowl ready to eat we
went ahead and toss the Brussels sprouts
right in so it's almost like a beef stew
if you guys give this a try let us know
what you think by